I'm [lia]. I'm 14 and I'm from cantonese in Ireland
[I] live with my mom my dad and my brother Daniel Freddie your sister wait
Where are you? Oh a through the biggest [fan] aren't you yeah? I first started singing
when I could talk
I
Can't stuffing and I sing when I study and sing when I'm brushing my teeth and sing when I'm trying to go sleep.
My dad tells me to stop when I'm usually singing in the kitchen
And he's upstairs, and he finds the floor and I was there toward towards myself
oh
Huge deal for me here if we're first time for the singing group. It was like
I was going on a holiday, but much better because I had to come [to]
Hello there. Hi, are you?
Very good. Thank you. Oh, we've got a great crowd. We
Judges are in a good mood [so] all you got to do is go out there and do [your] thing
tonight, I
Mean so street that today goes well. I really hope that I make my mom and dad my brother Daniel proud
Hi, what's your name? I'm [Lia]. [barneveld] mostly [Li] how old are you fourteen fifteen?
Who you brought along with you today? And my mom my dad and my brother and my auntie who Rose from wearing the audience?
And where are you from I'm from Ireland
Missed your first time on a big stage and well I've been on a few stages, but nothing like this
What would it mean to you to win would [mean] so much I wouldn't I
I can't even imagine how much I mean like it would just be everything that I've wanted my whole life
Yeah, do you think you could win the show and I haven't much time as anybody else?
But I think that there's always someone better than you okay. We wish you the best of luck. Thank you
We'd only murder would she come here
the poor
children
for
Who never get knocked out when you go cookie?
for me and oh oh
no, Mama, Bracknell Capta top okay of A
puppy and oh
Boy, did get [aquila] watch
oh
We're all up see as well
I thought that was honestly
Incredible
Thank you, and you're 14 years old, and you don't know how good you are thank you the stage presence was just fantastic
controlled and
Complicated [stolen] your Italian was impeccable
It was a flawless business
Okay, I'm against a [cap] right now
David
I'm going to say yes. I think you are amazing [if] yet remaining
Estimated a billion percent. Yes
Thank you
I thought she was amazing [save] [me]. I really really [like] them